A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A person is never too old to learn.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart?
Courtesy begins in the home.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not demand for someone’s soul if you already got his heart.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don’t be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don’t confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don’t just spend time. Invest it.
Don’t just think, act!
Don’t let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don’t let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don’t let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don’t worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Every day, in every way, you are getting better and better.
Every person is the architect of their own fortune.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Failure is the path of least persistence.
Fear and desire – two sides of the same coin.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Feels like a good time to start something new.
First think of what you want to do; then do what you have to do.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set – confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I’m being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
If your desires are not too extravagant they will be granted.
